com/dvora/finalproject/entities/Ingredient.java
 com.dvora.finalproject.entities.Ingredient
com/dvora/finalproject/AddRecipeFragment.java
 com.dvora.finalproject.AddRecipeFragment
 com.dvora.finalproject.AddRecipeFragment$1
 com.dvora.finalproject.AddRecipeFragment$2
 com.dvora.finalproject.AddRecipeFragment$3
 com.dvora.finalproject.AddRecipeFragment$3$1
 com.dvora.finalproject.AddRecipeFragment$3$1$1
 com.dvora.finalproject.AddRecipeFragment$4
 com.dvora.finalproject.AddRecipeFragment$4$1
com/dvora/finalproject/entities/User.java
 com.dvora.finalproject.entities.User
com/dvora/finalproject/Repository.java
 com.dvora.finalproject.Repository
 com.dvora.finalproject.Repository$1
 com.dvora.finalproject.Repository$10
 com.dvora.finalproject.Repository$11
 com.dvora.finalproject.Repository$12
 com.dvora.finalproject.Repository$13
 com.dvora.finalproject.Repository$14
 com.dvora.finalproject.Repository$15
 com.dvora.finalproject.Repository$2
 com.dvora.finalproject.Repository$3
 com.dvora.finalproject.Repository$3$1
 com.dvora.finalproject.Repository$3$2
 com.dvora.finalproject.Repository$4
 com.dvora.finalproject.Repository$5
 com.dvora.finalproject.Repository$6
 com.dvora.finalproject.Repository$7
 com.dvora.finalproject.Repository$8
 com.dvora.finalproject.Repository$9
 com.dvora.finalproject.Repository$OnAddNewIngredientListener
 com.dvora.finalproject.Repository$OnAddNewRecipeListener
 com.dvora.finalproject.Repository$OnSearchAllIngredients
 com.dvora.finalproject.Repository$OnSearchAllRecipes
 com.dvora.finalproject.Repository$OnSearchRecipesByIngredient
 com.dvora.finalproject.Repository$OnSearchShoppingList
com/dvora/finalproject/activities/MainActivity.java
 com.dvora.finalproject.activities.MainActivity
com/dvora/finalproject/fragments/ListShoppingFragment.java
 com.dvora.finalproject.fragments.ListShoppingFragment
 com.dvora.finalproject.fragments.ListShoppingFragment$1
 com.dvora.finalproject.fragments.ListShoppingFragment$2
com/dvora/finalproject/RecipeAdapter.java
 com.dvora.finalproject.RecipeAdapter
 com.dvora.finalproject.RecipeAdapter$1
 com.dvora.finalproject.RecipeAdapter$2
com/dvora/finalproject/FirebaseManager.java
 com.dvora.finalproject.FirebaseManager
com/dvora/finalproject/Login.java
 com.dvora.finalproject.Login
 com.dvora.finalproject.Login$1
 com.dvora.finalproject.Login$1$1
 com.dvora.finalproject.Login$2
 com.dvora.finalproject.Login$3
 com.dvora.finalproject.Login$3$1
 com.dvora.finalproject.Login$3$1$1
 com.dvora.finalproject.Login$3$1$2
 com.dvora.finalproject.Login$3$2
com/dvora/finalproject/ICallbackAdapter.java
 com.dvora.finalproject.ICallbackAdapter
com/dvora/finalproject/fragments/ItemDetailsFragment.java
 com.dvora.finalproject.fragments.ItemDetailsFragment
 com.dvora.finalproject.fragments.ItemDetailsFragment$1
com/dvora/finalproject/entities/Recipe.java
 com.dvora.finalproject.entities.Recipe
com/dvora/finalproject/ProfileFragment.java
 com.dvora.finalproject.ProfileFragment
com/dvora/finalproject/entities/IngredientInfo.java
 com.dvora.finalproject.entities.IngredientInfo
com/dvora/finalproject/ListRecipesFragment.java
 com.dvora.finalproject.ListRecipesFragment
 com.dvora.finalproject.ListRecipesFragment$1
 com.dvora.finalproject.ListRecipesFragment$1$1
 com.dvora.finalproject.ListRecipesFragment$1$2
 com.dvora.finalproject.ListRecipesFragment$2
com/dvora/finalproject/fragments/AddIngredient.java
 com.dvora.finalproject.fragments.AddIngredient
 com.dvora.finalproject.fragments.AddIngredient$1
 com.dvora.finalproject.fragments.AddIngredient$2
 com.dvora.finalproject.fragments.AddIngredient$2$1
com/dvora/finalproject/Register.java
 com.dvora.finalproject.Register
 com.dvora.finalproject.Register$1
 com.dvora.finalproject.Register$1$1
 com.dvora.finalproject.Register$1$1$1
 com.dvora.finalproject.Register$1$1$2
 com.dvora.finalproject.Register$2
com/dvora/finalproject/fragments/DialogIng.java
 com.dvora.finalproject.fragments.DialogIng
 com.dvora.finalproject.fragments.DialogIng$1
 com.dvora.finalproject.fragments.DialogIng$1$1
 com.dvora.finalproject.fragments.DialogIng$2
 com.dvora.finalproject.fragments.DialogIng$OnInputSelected
com/dvora/finalproject/BuildConfig.java
 com.dvora.finalproject.BuildConfig
com/dvora/finalproject/fragments/InventoryFragment.java
 com.dvora.finalproject.fragments.InventoryFragment
 com.dvora.finalproject.fragments.InventoryFragment$1
 com.dvora.finalproject.fragments.InventoryFragment$2
 com.dvora.finalproject.fragments.InventoryFragment$3
com/dvora/finalproject/IngAdapter.java
 com.dvora.finalproject.IngAdapter
